update docs (#336)
hpyproject/hpy: docs/api.rst

Handles vs ``PyObject *``
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

In order to fully understand the way HPy handles work, it is useful to discuss

> the Python/C API ``Pyobject *`` pointer. In the latter, these pointers always

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the Python/C API ``Pyobject *`` pointer. These pointers always
```
There is no "latter" to reference since there is only a single case (i.e. the pointer).

Calling any HPy function on a closed handle is an error. Calling
``HPy_Close()`` on the same handle twice is an error. Forgetting to call
``HPy_Close()`` on a handle results in a memory leak. When running in

> :ref:`debug-mode:debug mode`, HPy actively checks that you that you don't

Reviewer 2: "that you" is repeated twice

> :ref:`debug-mode:debug mode`, HPy actively checks that you that you don't

Reviewer 3: `that you that you`

close a handle twice and that you don't forget to close any. This is
possible because handles are unique - the handle used to reference an

> object is valid only in the context of the operation that produced it.

Reviewer 2: I don't know if `in the context of the operation that produced it` isn't simplifying it bit too much or if it cannot be bit misleading?

.. note::
  Debug mode is a good example of how powerful it is to decouple the
  identity and therefore the lifetime of handles and those of objects.
  If you find a memory leak on CPython, you know that you are missing a
  ``Py_DECREF`` somewhere but the only way to find the corresponding
  ``Py_INCREF`` is to manually and carefully study the source code.

>   On the other hand, if you forget to call ``HPy_Close()``, Debug mode

Reviewer 4: minor: You use `Debug mode` (upper-case `D` as it would be a name) but we don't do that in other locations. Maybe just use `debug mode`?

  is able to identify the precise code location which created the unclosed
  handle. Similarly, if you try to operate on a closed handle, it will

>   identify the precise code locations which created and closed it.

Reviewer 2: I like this explanation :+1:

:ref:`debug-mode:debug mode`, HPy actively checks that you don't
close a handle twice and that you don't forget to close any. This is
possible because handles are associated with operations on objects,
meaning that if a handle leaks, it is possible to identify exactly
the operation which produced it.

.. note::
  Debug mode is a good example of how powerful it is to decouple the
  identity and therefore the lifetime of handles and those of objects.
  If you find a memory leak on CPython, you know that you are missing a
  ``Py_DECREF`` somewhere but the only way to find the corresponding
  ``Py_INCREF`` is to manually and carefully study the source code.
  On the other hand, if you forget to call ``HPy_Close()``, debug mode
  is able to identify the precise code location which created the unclosed
  handle. Similarly, if you try to operate on a closed handle, it will
  identify the precise code locations which created and closed it.

Remember that Python/C guarantees that multiple references to the same
object results in the very same ``PyObject *`` pointer. Thus, it is
possible to compare the pointer addresses to check whether they refer

> to the same object::

Reviewer: I think the reason that tracking handle usage on HPy is easier is much simpler:

In HPy each handle is created (dupped) and closed or returned exactly once within one call to a C extension function.

In the old C API, references may be incremented and decremented across all of the running code over the lifetime of the entire Python interpreter.

  :end-before: // END: is_same_object

.. note::
   The main benefit of opaque handle semantics is that implementations are
   allowed to use very different models of memory management.  On CPython,
   implementing handles is trivial because ``HPy`` is basically ``PyObject *``
   in disguise, and ``HPy_Dup()`` and ``HPy_Close()`` are just aliases for
   ``Py_INCREF`` and ``Py_DECREF``.

   Unlike CPython, PyPy does not use reference counting to manage memory:
   instead, it uses a *moving GC*, which means that the address of an object
   might change during its lifetime, and this makes it hard to implement

>    semantics like ``PyObject *``'s where the address *idenfies* the object,

Reviewer 4: typo: *idenfies* -> *identifies*

future-proof: it is conceivable to use it to hold the interpreter or the
thread state in the future, in particular when there will be support for
sub-interpreters.  Another possible usage could be to embed different versions
or implementations of Python inside the same process. Its likely that

> future extensions to rune and extend the behavior of HPy would happen here,

Reviewer 2: "to rune" is a typo or I don't understand it?

future-proof: it is conceivable to use it to hold the interpreter or the
thread state in the future, in particular when there will be support for
sub-interpreters.  Another possible usage could be to embed different versions

> or implementations of Python inside the same process. Its likely that
> future additions to HPy would happen here, which would not break anything
> built against the current ``HPyContext``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or implementations of Python inside the same process. In addition, the ``HPyContext`` may
also be extended by adding new functions to the end without breaking any extensions built against the current ``HPyContext``.
```
